Copyedit documentation and user-visible strings (#22)
jenkinsci/csp-plugin: README.adoc

== Getting started

Install this plugin to have basic reporting of Content Security Policy violations in Jenkins:
A new link _Content Security Policy Reports_ on the _Manage Jenkins_ page allows administrators to review reported policy violations.

Rules can be configured on the _Configure Global Security_ configuration screen.
By default, Content Security Policy violations are reported but not enforced.
To enforce Content Security Policy, uncheck _Report Only_ on the _Configure Global Security_ configuration screen.

This plugin serves Content Security Policy headers for all HTTP responses, including user-generated content (files in workspaces, archived artifacts, etc.), unless those are served from the https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/security/user-content/#resource-root-url[Resource Root URL].
This interacts with the https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/security/configuring-content-security-policy/[default Content Security Policy headers set by Jenkins since 1.641 and LTS 1.625.3 for these resources] as follows:

* If this plugin is configured to only report violations (the default), both enforcing (from Jenkins) and non-enforcing (from this plugin) headers will be set.

> * If this plugin is configured to enforce rules, Jenkins's Content Security Policy headers for these resources take precedence over this plugin's.

Reviewer: This is a weird one, as it's specifically about the header.
```suggestion
* If this plugin is configured to enforce rules, Jenkins's Content-Security-Policy header for these resources takes precedence over this plugin's.
```
to make that clear. The other headers, including X-WebKit-CSP, are set either way, in a conflicting manner, so the existing wording was wrong.
